So I couldn't Aufwater
I was shocked
I didn't know what these designs would appear
O greenhouse I was told there were five temperatures
They're going to store all the heat
So I'm the one who's going to brew black tea
And keep drinking
In that case I should have
Won hisãŒ
He said he was listening
He told me just now
One of my temperature was going mad
I asked him why he was MATK translation.
The director of a film, Masan ...
I said comon.
Everything is fine, Masan!
I'm of no use.
Immediately we were told to bring NISHIZANAOBI Of Youth himself
and peson who did the worst role for us.
But we said he's not your brother ...
No, we'll get him one bottle from us in All Japan.
My brother all by himself did not come for champagne ...
So I told them that it's a consequences for us.
So then we brought Masan Louise and we went to
NISHIZANAI of Youth and he was surprised.
And I said the director.
Do you know who I am?
I told him to bring the sake.
He came in with a bang.
I said, I'm sorry.
He said, what's wrong?
I'm going to bring 10 bottles of sake.
I'll bring one bottle and one bottle.
He said, one bottle and one bottle.
He said, I'll go by car and come back.
I told him to bring the sake.
I said, OK.
He left with a bang.
I told him to bring the sake.
He said, I'm going to drink sake today.
I said, OK.
He said, OK.
He said, I'll go by car and come back.
I told him to bring the sake.
He said, take the young one.
I told him that I could drink sake.
That was the best I could do.
I went to drink sake with him.
He said, I want to drink sake.
I said, I want to drink sake.
Of course.
I caught a big one.
I caught it in the river.
Where did you get it?
I don't know.
You don't know?
I caught it in the fish market.
It was expensive.
Why did you pick them?
While collecting flanker
He said that he ate the rice set.
And they said that he could eat the rice he finished.
In fact,
he was only allowed to have their feed from the local people.
But this man heard his story and refused to go.
Off with you!